(upbeat techno music)
- [Instructor] Now it's time to put
your new skills to the test.
We're going to expand our package delivery job
to include a new conditional flow
that will be executed when the customer is present
and receives their item.
In this conditional flow, the job will be updated
to either thank the customer or give them a refund
if the item is the incorrect item.
The correct item is delivered roughly 70% of the time,
so this should be factored into the logic
for any conditional decision.
To build the flow, you will need to create new steps
and a decider that produces a custom exit status
that controls the conditional flow to these steps.
Additionally, you'll need to modify the job flow
to include the decider and its transitions
to the appropriate steps.
As a helpful resource,
you can consult the deliver package job handout.
Here I've highlighted the new steps
in the decider that will be required for the challenge.
This challenge should take you about 15 minutes to complete.
In the next video, I'll show you how I solved the challenge.
Good luck.